OSDOCS-12143#Migrating CNS vols between datastores for vSphere (#91478)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-migrating-cns-vols-between-datastores.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere.adoc
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-migrating-cns-vols-between-datastores_{context}"]
= Migrating CNS volumes between datastores for vSphere

> If you are running out of space in your current datastore, or want to move to a more performant datastore, you can migrate VMware vSphere Cloud Native Storage (CNS) volumes between datastores. This applies to both attached and detached volumes.

Author: I've added a link to these limitations sections in the vSphere docs. 

@gnufied @gcharot However, I don't see any limitation regarding RWX or encrypted volumes and topology in those limitations sections. Do you have any additional info on what I should say about those limitations?

> .Limitations

Reviewer: I think we have a limitation with RWX volumes.
Also IIRC we wanted to add a note (be cautious) about encrypted volumes and topology
@gnufied

Author: Yes, RWX not supported. I've added this limitation. Encrypted vols do not have any restriction according to Hemant. Topology limitation is covered in linked content.

> * Requires VMware vSphere 8.0.2 or later or vSphere 7.0 Update 3o or later.
> 
> * Only one volume can be migrated at a time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Requires VMware vSphere 8.0.2 or later. As an alternative, requires vSphere 7.0 Update 30 or later.

* You can migrate only one volume at a time.
```

- Suggested change to eliminate multiple "or" and to avoid passive voice.
- Wondering if "3o" is "30"

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-vsphere.adoc
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-vsphere-migrating-cns-vols-between-datastores_{context}"]
= Migrating CNS volumes between datastores for vSphere

If you are running out of space in your current datastore, or want to move to a more performant datastore, you can migrate VMware vSphere Cloud Native Storage (CNS) volumes between datastores. This applies to both attached and detached volumes.

.Limitations
* Requires VMware vSphere 8.0.2 or later or vSphere 7.0 Update 3o or later.

* Only one volume can be migrated at a time.

> * RWX volumes are not supported.

Author: Done.
